Update README.md (#2)
cloudflare/privacy-gateway-client-demo: README.md

# Privacy Gateway Client Demo Application

> This sample application shows how to use the [app relay client](https://github.com/cloudflare/privacy-gateway-client-library) in a sample macOS application. It is meant for demonstration purposes only.

Author: ```suggestion
This sample application shows how to use the [example Privacy Gateway client library](https://github.com/cloudflare/privacy-gateway-client-library) in a sample macOS application. It is meant for demonstration purposes only.
```

To build and run the application, the following steps must be followed.

> 1. Update the project's Library Search Paths to include the release build directory for the [app relay client](https://github.com/cloudflare/privacy-gateway-client-library), e.g., $(PROJECT_DIR)/relative/path/to/target/x86_64-apple-darwin/release.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Update the project's Library Search Paths to include the release build directory for the [Privacy Gateway client library](https://github.com/cloudflare/privacy-gateway-client-library), e.g., $(PROJECT_DIR)/relative/path/to/target/x86_64-apple-darwin/release.
```
